# swagger.model.CreateClassificationRequest

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:swagger/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**model** | **String** | ID of the model to use. You can use the [List models](/docs/api-reference/models/list) API to see all of your available models, or see our [Model overview](/docs/models/overview) for descriptions of them. | [default to null]
**query** | **String** | Query to be classified. | [default to null]
**examples** | [**List&lt;List&lt;String&gt;&gt;**](List.md) | A list of examples with labels, in the following format:  &#x60;[[\&quot;The movie is so interesting.\&quot;, \&quot;Positive\&quot;], [\&quot;It is quite boring.\&quot;, \&quot;Negative\&quot;], ...]&#x60;  All the label strings will be normalized to be capitalized.  You should specify either &#x60;examples&#x60; or &#x60;file&#x60;, but not both.  | [optional] [default to []]
**file** | **String** | The ID of the uploaded file that contains training examples. See [upload file](/docs/api-reference/files/upload) for how to upload a file of the desired format and purpose.  You should specify either &#x60;examples&#x60; or &#x60;file&#x60;, but not both.  | [optional] [default to null]
**labels** | **List&lt;String&gt;** | The set of categories being classified. If not specified, candidate labels will be automatically collected from the examples you provide. All the label strings will be normalized to be capitalized. | [optional] [default to []]
**searchModel** | **String** | ID of the model to use for [Search](/docs/api-reference/searches/create). You can select one of &#x60;ada&#x60;, &#x60;babbage&#x60;, &#x60;curie&#x60;, or &#x60;davinci&#x60;. | [optional] [default to &quot;ada&quot;]
**temperature** | **double** | What sampling &#x60;temperature&#x60; to use. Higher values mean the model will take more risks. Try 0.9 for more creative applications, and 0 (argmax sampling) for ones with a well-defined answer. | [optional] [default to 0]
**logprobs** | **int** | Include the log probabilities on the &#x60;logprobs&#x60; most likely tokens, as well the chosen tokens. For example, if &#x60;logprobs&#x60; is 5, the API will return a list of the 5 most likely tokens. The API will always return the &#x60;logprob&#x60; of the sampled token, so there may be up to &#x60;logprobs+1&#x60; elements in the response.  The maximum value for &#x60;logprobs&#x60; is 5. If you need more than this, please contact us through our [Help center](https://help.openai.com) and describe your use case.  When &#x60;logprobs&#x60; is set, &#x60;completion&#x60; will be automatically added into &#x60;expand&#x60; to get the logprobs.  | [optional] [default to null]
**maxExamples** | **int** | The maximum number of examples to be ranked by [Search](/docs/api-reference/searches/create) when using &#x60;file&#x60;. Setting it to a higher value leads to improved accuracy but with increased latency and cost. | [optional] [default to 200]
**logitBias** | [**Object**](Object.md) | Modify the likelihood of specified tokens appearing in the completion.  Accepts a json object that maps tokens (specified by their token ID in the GPT tokenizer) to an associated bias value from -100 to 100. You can use this [tokenizer tool](/tokenizer?view&#x3D;bpe) (which works for both GPT-2 and GPT-3) to convert text to token IDs. Mathematically, the bias is added to the logits generated by the model prior to sampling. The exact effect will vary per model, but values between -1 and 1 should decrease or increase likelihood of selection; values like -100 or 100 should result in a ban or exclusive selection of the relevant token.  As an example, you can pass &#x60;{\&quot;50256\&quot;: -100}&#x60; to prevent the &lt;|endoftext|&gt; token from being generated.  | [optional] [default to null]
**returnPrompt** | **bool** | If set to &#x60;true&#x60;, the returned JSON will include a \&quot;prompt\&quot; field containing the final prompt that was used to request a completion. This is mainly useful for debugging purposes. | [optional] [default to false]
**returnMetadata** | **bool** | A special boolean flag for showing metadata. If set to &#x60;true&#x60;, each document entry in the returned JSON will contain a \&quot;metadata\&quot; field.  This flag only takes effect when &#x60;file&#x60; is set.  | [optional] [default to false]
**expand** | [**List&lt;Object&gt;**](Object.md) | If an object name is in the list, we provide the full information of the object; otherwise, we only provide the object ID. Currently we support &#x60;completion&#x60; and &#x60;file&#x60; objects for expansion. | [optional] [default to []]
**user** | **String** | A unique identifier representing your end-user, which can help OpenAI to monitor and detect abuse. [Learn more](/docs/guides/safety-best-practices/end-user-ids).  | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

